Review 2025 (#149)
C2SM/git-course: advanced/Exercise_4_git-stash-worktree.md

This exercise uses the same Git repository that was created in Exercise 3. If you have not already done so, you can create it by following the instructions in the [Initialize the Git repository](./Exercise_3_gitignore.md#initialize) section of Exercise 3.

In this exercise we cover the following:
- [Stash your changes](#stash)
- [Use `git worktree` for parallel development](#worktree)

## Stash your changes <a name="stash"></a>

> - Let's make a change to the repository by adding a conference breakfast to the schedule on day 1. Therefore, use a file editor (e.g. [Vim](../Unix_Commands.md#basic-vim-commands)) to open *schedule_day1.txt* in the *conference_planning* folder your are currently in and add a conference breakfast from 08:30-09:00 to the schedule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Let's make a change to the repository by adding a conference breakfast to the schedule on day 1. To this end, use a file editor (e.g. [Vim](../Unix_Commands.md#basic-vim-commands)) to open *schedule_day1.txt* in the *conference_planning* folder your are currently in and add a conference breakfast from 08:30-09:00 to the schedule.
```

Author: Do you not like "therefore"? ;-)
